# Module-5-Pyber_Analysis
Analysis of Pyber riders and costs
## Summary and Implications of Data in Dataframe
The summary of rides by city type highlights that rural had the fewest number of rides and drivers, which resulted in the smallest amount of total fares.  This was followed by suburban cities as the next most rides, drivers and fares, and lastly is urban. Specifically, Rural had 125 rides and 78 drivers, Suburban had 625 rides and 490 drivers, while Urban had 1625 rides and 2405 drivers. This data makes sense, as there are more people in suburban than rural and more in urban than suburban. Interestingly, the average fare per ride and average fare per driver was highest in rural, next highest in suburban, with the lowest in urban. Specifically, Rural had $34.64 average fare per ride nad $55.49 average fare per driver, while Suburban had $30.97 and $39.50, respectively, and Urban had $24.53 and $16.57, respectivley. In my view, this can be attributed to the lack of supply in lower density areas, or that drives typically are longer in distance in lower density areas, thus raising up the average fares in less dense cities.
## Multiple Line Chart Summary and Implications
The multiple line chart highlights similar results to what we saw in our summary table. It shows that rural consistently had the lowest amount of fares followed by suburban, and then urban with the most. This was no matter the week or month. Looking at the data over time, there are no strong findings from this chart, as there does not appear to spikes or valleys depending on the week or month, but rather random ups and downs.The argument could be made there was a slight uptick from January for Urban and Suburban, which could be attrbitued to nicer weather. In my view, the randomess for each city type over time can be attributed to many factors, some of which include: weather, timing of events, seasonal travel, and more. Overall, there is no strong conclusion to make from the line chart, other than it validates the data in the summary table of urban consistently having the highest fares, followed by suburban and then rural. This makes sense given the density of each respective city type.

